## Running the app
```bash
npm run dev
```

By default, the app listens on port 3000.

## Testing
```bash
npm run test
```

## Linting / formatting
```bash
npm run lint # ESLint
npm run format # checks for formatting errors
npm run format:fix # fixes all formatting errors
```

## Storybook
```bash
npm run storybook
```
The Storybook server is available on localhost:6006. Each feature and component
has a Story file (in the format of ``{file}.stories.tsx``) in their respectife folders. Each file has a "Default" story, which is some minimally working example; the only props passed are mandatory ones + ones that are needed to
make the component functional. Some stories may have additional styling
for readability, this is noted when relevant.

**Note:** many of the components change colors depending on the user's ``prefers-color-scheme`` configuration. You need to change your own settings (either via the OS or the browser) and toggle between light and dark mode within the Storybook server to view them properly.

# Navigation
The ``src`` directory contains the following directories:
- ``app`` which is generated by NextJS
- ``components`` which hosts reusable components
- ``features`` which hosts components that implement a specific feature. Those are typically not reusable or are used in few places only.
- ``hooks`` which hosts custom hooks used in various parts of the project.
- ``styles`` which hosts various SCSS files. They expose classes, variables, and mixins that you can use in components or pages.